README
======

This is a practicing example for job applicants at CGM Clinical Austria.

You'll start on the master branch of this repository. First, take a look what we have
prepared for you. Then switch to branch `STEP_01` to see the first steps. We
will provide a short introduction of what happens in this step. So, you can
start your implementation.

Clone the project from gitlab and ensure tests are green.

    git clone git@git.cgm.ag:andreas.altendorfer/practicing-example-medication.git \
              medication
    cd medication
    mvn integration-test -Dcucumber.options=--no-monochrome -q



Given 
-----

  * There is a class `Patient` defined in `src/main/java/medication`.
  * Patient gets initialized with a `fullName` considered to be "First Last" name.
  * See the unit-tests for `Patient` in `src/test/java/medication.test.units`
  * In `src/test/resources/medication.test.features` you'll find a predefined cucumber feature
    testing the initialization of a patient instance.
  * In `src/test/java/medication.tests/PatientStepDefs` you'll find the implementation
    of the cucumber-steps for the feature.
  
Documentation
-------------

`JavaDoc` can be generated by

    mvn site
    open target/doc/index.html 

or by executing

    mvn  javadoc:javadoc
    open target/doc/index.html 

First Steps
-----------

  1. Run all tests and features and verify all tests pass.
     See run-configurations UNITS and FEATURES
     (You can expect to be supported in case you're not familiar with cucumber)
     DONE
     
  2. check out branch "STEP_01" from the git repository.
     DONE
  
  3. First, implement the hardcoded functions `getFirstName()` and `getLastName()` of 
     class `Patient`, thus the existing test keeps passing.
     DONE
     
  4. In `src/test/resources/medication.test.features` you can see the full specification of
     the feature.
     
  5. Let's go, make them green! 
     Remember the rules of TDD, which are
     * You are not allowed to write any production code unless it is to make a failing unit test pass.
     * You are not allowed to write any more of a unit test than is sufficient to fail; and compilation failures are failures.
     * You are not allowed to write any more production code than is sufficient to pass the one failing unit test.
  
  6. Make them beautyful!
  
----
Have fun!
      
